Hear what is up guys and what KMAX So now in this video I'm going to be showing you that how can you
take advantage of the Wordpress platform for your SEO because Wordpress is so amazing and so helpful
when it comes to SEO guys because WordPress will help you a lot and you've a lovebird press.
After just watching these videos that I'm telling you right now.
So I'm not just optimizing everything here.
Create a double of that type.
OK.
I'm just telling you that how you will get a lot of help from the wordpress.
But first I'm sorry.
OK.
So but first before getting started fitted we first have to look at that domain and web hosting.
So this is very important for a web site.
OK.
And before that we have to focus on the keyboard and what is a key word and how everything everything
might be jumbling into your head and you must be like OK I want to know.
OK.
So what is a key word.
Like let's suppose that I want to build an online store for the shirts.
OK.
I want to do the business for a WordPress e-commerce site.
And my main aim is to give the shirt or supply a shirt.
It can either be like in my country or Canada to be like in my city or it can either be like worlwide
OK so it it.
Now if you want to do it in your own city on your or your own country and then I would highly recommend
you to buy the domain name of your country extension like it.
Like I live in Pakistan.
OK.
And here is really those Web sites come on the number one page result.
Those who have the domain extension of the country.
So let's suppose that I search for like
buy laptops online.
OK.
Let's suppose that I searched for this.
Now let's see which websites come on and I'm on page result so this is an ad basically.
Let's just see it says Baia laptops online in Pakistan at best prices.
It takes Telemark.
So this is the first Web site we have here is the beacon.
OK.
So it refers to like if you want to business start a business in your own country then make sure to
buy your domain name for your own country extension.
OK.
So like this.
OK it is the first one is tell them or don't gate it's not tell them or dot com.
OK.
And we have I shopping.
He gave the Nasdaq gave my Shabat pick it.
OK.
Clap.
Pick it.
Get like see dotcom that big case scenarios that it.
Let's start it and then we have Amazon.com.
And so we cannot compare them to Amazon.
OK.
Amazon is the huge company and they don't even just like stand with the Amazon.
So what do you see one thing that does my country said to Pakistan OK and whatever I'm searching google
will give me the results related to my own country.
So this is the power of the domain name that you have to focus on guys.
So if you are doing business locally in your own country and then make sure to get your domain name
that has your country extension.
So if you are in the US you can go for us.
So I think that for the EU Australia basically my brother lives in there and he had to just register
a domain name so I was just building up say an Italian letter that I cannot register because I have
to register a company there in Australia.
I don't know why it was there and something like that because I was registering a domain name for that
so it was a problem for me.
So if you have a problem like your country that that country will tell you to register a business first
via taxation and every information then I would highly recommend you to do that because if you do that
it will help you a lot.
Guys seriously if you have your country extension OK.
So now basically how to get that domain name.
So host Keeter will not give you that domain because the housekeeper works worldwide and it don't have
much resources to give every country's extension domain name.
So how you're going to do that tell about that you live and get us.
Okay.
And maybe searching for United States domain.
OK.
That's all I have to search and it's going to give me like free to register and to do it.
So tell us about that.
It's getting us to mean OK.
Us.
What is the domain of domain name registration.
So is this OK.
And so if I live in like UK UK domain registrar.
OK.
And it's going to give you like that code.
So this is most popular for UK.
And so this is how it works.
OK.
And if I just search for anything then you can register.
Open it up so the most popular predictor are that I'm telling you right now is cheap.
The second one is like Go Daddy.
The third one is ok I don't know.
I just use the name cheap and they go ready that's all.
And for the registration of the domain name here in Pakistan neither go that he supports Naar that name.
So the PNAC dot com is the one that registers OK it is I think can I see that Nat can I see that peek
at.
Ok so I think this is the one and they will help you get the domain name for it.
So if you want to register it.
So if you live abroad here and you want to register a domain name for Pakistan then it'll cost you like
$49 per two ears.
OK.
So this is I was going to work.
So you can register a domain name for that and you can work with it.
So I would highly recommend you to buy a domain name for your own specific country.
OK.
So now the second tip that I have here is that make sure that you have a brand name.
What do I mean by that.
Let's suppose that I want to start a short business.
OK.
So I'm not going to be registering a domain name for like T-shirts dot Piquet discharged RPK is a great
domain name but I'm not going to be registering and I mean I'm like buy T-shirts.
So this should not be good would not be available because it should not be gay must be disturbed by
someone else.
OK.
So this is how it's going to work.
I have to focus on a brand name you can see Go Daddy is a brand name cheap is a brand name names is
a brand name.
OK.
So this is going to work if I just search for like what we were searching laptops by online
Ok then you can see that every domain name here is a brand name.
There's Zarar.
It's a Stella Mart backslap.
It is eye shopping.
It is my shop so I shopping seems like a brand name.
This seems like a brand name because it's not an English word.
OK so your brand name consist of English words but make sure that you of word kind of looks like a brand
name.
And if it is looking up say Valco huge anime.
So now basically now we know how to work on a domain name that we want to start locally.
OK.
No idea but then I want to register a business.
I want to start a business you know and I have declined from all around the globe.
If I have that then I would highly recommend you to go with a dot com domain name.
Leave dot net dot net.
Don't go with dot net.
No doubt this type of stuff do not go with that.
OK.
Because dot com failed come on the top and people say that you should be choosing the domain name.
Ok this might work sometimes but the majority is like dot com here.
So if if you want to target all your clients from all over the world keep that in mind.
Guys if two business are being run OK let's suppose that this is the guy who is running a business and
he is doing a business locally and you are doing a business all around the globe.
So if I live in a country of this guy who is doing the business locally and I just search here laptops
buying online and you are also selling laptops and that guy is also selling laptops.
But that guy has the domain name of the country domain name like he wants to target only Pakistan only
Pakistan people.
OK.
And you want to target all around the world.
Google will show the Web site that the guy who wants to target Pakistan people because his his his audience
is limited.
OK.
So if his audience is limited then Google will give his site on top so keep that in mind and then move
the dot dot com meaning so you can also go with like you register to domain names for your own country
as well like.
So if my brand name is D-Jack or something like that and then I can go to like D-Jack who dot com and
I could pick it up could you what I can do just for three four five domain names at once.
OK.
And then I can build a web site for them.
So if a guy just search for that specific domain name for a specific keyword like laptops buy online
then he will see my website he will be redirected to it.
OK.
So this is number one tip that I'm giving you right now.
OK so now we're totally done with that domain name.
So I hope that you guys have got the idea of how domain name works and how you should choose your domain
name Eisley in the next video you'll be breaking up into more tips.
So make sure you keep these tips as very important because what I'm giving you they'll help you a lot.
So stadium guys and by.